docs: nav updates for user, role, team management (#64965)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/data-source-management/index.md

**To add a data source:**

> 1. Click **Administration** in the left-side menu.
> 1. Select **Data sources**.
> 
>    This opens the data sources page, which displays a list of previously configured data sources for the Grafana instance.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click **Connections** in the left-side menu.
```

> 1. Select **+ Add new data source** to see a list of all supported data sources.
> 
> 1. Enter the name of a specific data source in the search dialog.
> 
>    You can also scroll through supported data sources grouped into time series, logging, tracing, and other categories.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Enter the name of a specific data source in the search dialog.
```

> 1. Select **+ Add new data source** to see a list of all supported data sources.
> 
> 1. Enter the name of a specific data source in the search dialog.
> 
>    You can also scroll through supported data sources grouped into time series, logging, tracing, and other categories.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Enter the name of a specific data source in the search dialog.

   You can also filter by **Data source** first.
```

**To add a data source:**

1. Click **Connections** in the left-side menu.
1. Enter the name of a specific data source in the search dialog. You can filter by **Data source** to only see data sources.

> 1. Click the data source you want to add to open the configuration page.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click the data source you want to add.
```

1. Configure the data source following instructions specific to that data source.

   For links to data source-specific documentation, see [Data sources]({{< relref "../../datasources" >}}).

## Data source permissions

You can configure data source permissions to allow or deny certain users the ability to query a data source.
Each data source's configuration includes a permissions page where you can enable permissions and restrict query permissions to specific **Users** and **Teams**.
You can configure data source permissions to allow or deny certain users the ability to query or edit a data source. Each data source’s configuration includes a Permissions tab where you can restrict data source permissions to specific users, teams, or roles.

> **Note:** Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../../introduction/grafana-enterprise/" >}}) and [Grafana Cloud Pro and Advanced](/docs/grafana-cloud).

### Enable data source permissions

By default, data sources in an organization can be queried by any user in that organization. For example, a user with the `Viewer` role can issue any possible query to a data source, not just
queries that exist on dashboards they have access to.

> When permissions are enabled for a data source in an organization, the user who created the datasource can edit the datasource and in addition, viewers can query the datasource.

Reviewer: Might be worth to keep some of this in. Maybe something like:

`By default, data sources in an organization can be queried by any user in that organization and edited by the user who created the data source and users with `Admin` role. For example, a user with the `Viewer` role can issue any possible query to a data source, not just queries that exist on dashboards they have access to.`

Author: It's actually still there but further down. But I'll add in the bit you've got about Admin roles as I think that's good too!

> By default, data sources in an organization can be queried by any user in that organization. For example, a user with the `Viewer` role can issue any possible query to a data source, not just queries that exist on dashboards they have access to.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, data sources in an organization can be queried by any user in that organization. For example, a user with the `Viewer` role can issue any possible query to a data source, not just queries that exist on dashboards to which they have access. Additionally, by default, data sources can be edited by the user who created the data source, as well as users with the `Admin` role. 
```

> ### Edit user, team, or role permissions

Author: ```suggestion
### Edit data source permissions for users, teams, or roles
```

> ### Remove user, team, or role permissions

Author: ```suggestion
### Remove data source permissions for users, teams, or roles
```
